don't
Oh
hey everybody today's video is going to
be a tag video this is going to be an
original tag that I made up and I'm very
very excited about it also kind of
weirded out because I don't really like
summer to be honest do but I just
started thinking of all these questions
and was like you know what this would be
an awesome tag so I made it though there
are only six questions to this tag I
really wanted it to be really short and
sweet and really easy and breezy okay
number one a start of summer pick a book
with an attention-grabbing for sentence
for that i picked death Dickinson and
the demented life of friendship Garcia
bye Jenny Torres Sanchez they go ahead
and read you guys the first census this
so that you guys can understand what I'm
talking about it says hmm the old man
across the street is dead that's it and
I think that's all you need to know I
mean with the first sentence like that
why would you not want to read the rest
of this book but two is too hot to go up
so I pick a book right day and for that
i picked harry potter and the sorcerer's
stone this one I just feel like it's
perfect for a day and like it's cozy and
it's just I don't know I really like it
so I think this one is perfect for a day
in number three is summer road trip pick
a book that you would take with you on
the road and for that I picked Chelsea
Handler's my horizontal life I haven't
read this yet i just thought i would
pick something that I haven't read that
will be really interesting to take on
the road even though I ain't going
anywhere this summer this bit just
staying home and the heat of Texas
I think that just made myself depressed
number four is iced tea goodness pick a
book with a cold setting for that I
picked the dark secret of weather end by
John bel air's and you can just tell by
the cover of this that there's snow
everywhere number five is nasty sunburn
a book that you really dislike so far
this year for that I would pick the
jewel by a meowing like I will just
forever bring that up as one of the
worst looks of every red and so
far this year got textbook cooked and
finally number six is sizzling read
recommend one of your favorite books yes
gotta think about that I don't know as
if for this Tiger really hope you guys
enjoyed it I really had a lot of fun
creating this and if you want to do the
tag I tag everybody to do it but there
are some specific people that I will be
tagging below so you better get your ass
down there and check make sure you
tagged ok all right
I'm waiting check oh I'll see you guys
next time bye